c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe.config
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.g.resources
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.exe
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\obj\Debug\WpfApplication1.pdb
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.JsonResult.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\marxuz\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication1\WpfApplication1\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
